[Music]
so there's two types of people in this
world either airpods fit in your ears or
airpods don't fit in your ears there's
two types of people in this world you
either love silicon tip in earbuds or
you hate silicon tip in your buds
there's two types of people in this
world people who really need noise
cancellation and people who don't really
care about it but Apple wants both
people's money so there's two versions
of the new airpods this year it was kind
of confusing the way they announced it
at the keynote but essentially for 129
there's the base airpods 4 but then for
179 there is airpods 4 with noise
cancellation but that is not the only
difference between them so now that I've
been testing them for a few days I can
give you the verdict on them what the
differences are and if they're actually
worth it so first of all let's just
start with the airpods themselves
they've tweaked the shape of these buds
again and so they've gotten some new
curves and some new angles and the
driver points a little bit more directly
into your ear with less Reflections the
stem is also a little bit shorter but
otherwise I mean yeah it still look like
airpods they're very familiar they have
ip54 dust and water resistance up from
ipx4 last year and they still have the
in-ear detection there's still
microphones all the way around but my
biggest question personally before
anything else was actually just does
this slightly new shape actually fit
better in my ear because I have not had
any luck with hard tipped airpods ever
really since they first came out the
latest version was the closest like I
could put them in my ears but if I
jogged for more than about 10 seconds
they would just slowly fall out so are
the fours actually better for
me uh slightly but not really I I put
them in my ears I was trying to okay
let's see if this is actually better I
kind of twist them a little bit do the
classic like you know get them seated in
my ear but it's not for very long they
still slowly even when I'm just sitting
around slowly feel like they're coming
out of my ear so I think if you had
problems with previous airpods you'll
probably still have problems with these
but if they fit in your ears then these
will also fit in your ears now all of
what I've said so far is true about both
the base airpods and the active noise
cancelling version they're the same size
same shape and everything like you can't
tell the difference from the outside of
the buds where the differences start
though is this new case so let's look at
the case the case is a little bit
smaller it is USB type-c thank God but
with the base version that's it it's
just a case with USBC with the noise
cancelling headphones the case also gets
a small speaker at the bottom so it can
chime when it's charging and they make a
noise when they're lost and they have
wireless charging on the back as well
which is super convenient one thing I've
noticed though it doesn't have mag safe
anymore I think because this case is
literally just slightly too small now so
the last generation of airpods the case
with wireless charging would actually
align and stick to the back of a MAG
safe charger which is really convenient
for just like dropping on the charger
not thinking about it but this year's
case you know slightly smaller I think
it's just a little bit smaller than the
magnetic ring so that's gone so it'll
still charge on any chat charger but it
does not stick to it for any sort of
alignment which is kind of a bummer so
if you got one of those upright Chargers
and you try to stick it to it it'll just
slide off now um so USB type-c upside
mag safe gone downside I also have
noticed and maybe it's just because
they're brand new but it feels like the
magnets holding them into the case are
just feels more secure I think that's a
good thing and this case still works
with Apple watch Puck Chargers by the
way fun fact this isn't a normal chat
charger at all it literally only charges
Apple watches and airpods but hey they
still do magnetize so maybe that's worth
something and then for the hidden
feature that nobody's mentioned in any
of the presentations or Keynotes or
anything uh remember the back of airpods
3 there was a little pairing button so
if you were manually pairing it to a
phone or something like that you would
hit this button that uh is gone from the
new airpods 4 case so where did that go
and it turns out now it's a hidden
capacitive touch area kind of right
underneath the pairing light on the
front so you can double tap here then it
starts blinking and that initiates the
pairing mode and actually a triple tap
will allow you to start a factory reset
of the buds so no longer a physical
button kind of a hidden trick the more
you know but the biggest question that
I'm sure most people are actually
wondering is how good is the active
noise cancellation on these new air ODS
should you actually choose to get it
without going airpods pro with silicon
tips is it actually good so my point of
reference is going to be airpods Pro to
you know obviously there's lots of other
earbuds that havec but just sound
quality apples for apples wise that's
probably the most direct comparison and
I'll say while these are impressive they
are definitely not as good as the pros
they're just not and this is most
definitely because of physics so since
the hard tip doesn't AB absolutely
perfectly fit inside my ear one: one it
just means there's a little bit of air
gaps around the outside of it just a
little there's a little bit of sound
that can make it from the outside into
my ear literally around the earbud so
whether it's white noise or Street
Sounds or voices the ANC clearly works
and it does a good job of basically
lowering the background noise so you can
hear whatever you're listening to better
but it's not quite gone so I feel like
if airpods Pro are like an 8 out of 10
for noise cancellation just based on how
much of the background noise it's
removing these hard tipped airpods are
around like a four maybe four or five
it's less noise cancellation and more
noise reduction if that makes sense like
still very useful uh but it's most
useful in particularly loud environments
like if you're on a train or on a plane
or with like a lot of loud voices or
Street Sounds around you that's when
you'll most appreciate the reduction in
noise because you can hear what you're
actually trying to listen to better but
if you're in a quiet room or a library
or something like that it doesn't
actually make that much of a difference
but then probably just as important as
noise cancellation is every pair of
headphones that has that should also
have transparency mode and these do and
this might be the best transparency mode
I've ever heard on any airpods sounds
Supernatural probably because literally
some of the outside environment noise is
already getting in and so what it boosts
in through the microphones should sound
just like it some other small tidbits
about these uh battery life does
technically get slightly worse with andc
on so it's rated for 4 hours still
respectable um but a total of 20 hours
with the case with noise cancellation uh
these also now join airpods Pro with
USBC as the only other headphones to
have the ultra low latency support for
Vision Pro so thanks H2 chip and then
Precision finding is useful but that
speaker does really help if they're kind
of underneath something or inside a bag
or you need to find it but don't really
have a visual on it love having the
speaker on the case and then if you were
paying really close attention in the
last Apple keynote you might have caught
that there was actually also an airpods
Max refresh alongside these but I use
the word refresh like very lightly just
because all they really did was make it
USB type-c and some new colors and
that's it literally that's it they
didn't do any other no mesh updates no
case updates no onoff switch no material
updates no driver updates no sound
quality changes no new features no H2
chip just USBC that's absolutely
ridiculous and I will not be reviewing
those headphones but what I did see is
some comments of people asking likeit
wait what is the H2 chip even all about
like does it matter that the new ones
didn't get the H2 chip so let me just
break down what that's for the H2 chip
inside these airpods is basically doing
all of the processing especially from
these microphones so all of the improved
background noise reduction for phone
calls all of the active noise
cancellation transparency mode and
adaptive audio and it also now lets you
nod or shake your head to answer Siri
questions so if there's like an incoming
call and it announces a new call you can
literally Nodge your head to answer it
instead of talking out loud or if you
get a text and Siri asks do you want to
respond but you don't want to you
literally just shake your head it
actually works super well but then it's
also just a matter of principle like
there's no way your brand new flagship
$550 overear noise cancelling headphones
shouldn't have all the latest and
greatest Parts internally and externally
but here we are but anyway the sound
quality of these new airpods is
perfectly solid some people were
surprised at my opinion about this last
time but the airpods 3 did take a pretty
respectable step up and while there
still is no EQ anywhere and there's not
a whole lot of customization to the
sound they do a good job of sort of
being decent at every everything cuz
these have to do phone calls and
podcasts which have a lot of vocal
frequencies but they also have to do
movies and they also have to do music
and they're kind of just tuned to be
solid at everything so overall 129 for
the Bas airpods 179 for the airpods with
active noise cancellation now you know
all the differences now you know what
they do and how good they are at it and
you can choose which one you want for
yourself me
personally I'm still a silicon ear tips
person just for my own Earp pods like
they fit in my ears so much better the
seal is so much better it makes a noise
cancellation dramatically better so I'm
still leaning airpods Pro for myself
matter of fact you can get airpods Pro
on Amazon for like $1.99 right now so
it's only 20 bucks more than these but I
still think people will happily save the
20 bucks and get the hard tip ones they
still get beat in individual categories
by others in the wide world of other
earbuds available out there like some
will have a better fit in the ear which
will be better for working out and
running and stuff some others will have
better battery life and even some others
will have better sound quality
especially for music but these are still
airpods which means they work best with
the ecosystem with the seamless
switching between all the Apple devices
in your life and they still have that
sort of generic useful frequency
response across the range for everything
that's what they're good at now if
you're thinking of picking up a new pair
of airpods but you don't love the dental
floss look well then Channel sponsor
dbrand has you covered with their new
Area 51 case and this isn't just some
regular printed Design This
topographical pattern has a crazy like
3D printed texture that you can actually
feel I honestly I'm not sure how they
did this but the 3D ink is it's super
durable it adds this extra layer of
grippiness that's hard to describe and
this isn't just some random pattern
apparently dbrand put an actual
topographical map of Area 51 on here
because of course they would so there
are three different colorways of it
there's red yellow and black and I'm
usually all in on matte black but this
is a nice yellow looks pretty sick and
these new Area 51 Skins are available
for a ton of different devices so I'll
leave a link below in the description if
you want to pick one up for yourself but
that's basically it thanks for watching
and I'll catch you very soon in the next
one peace
[Music]